Many people wonder
if God really listens to prayers.
What are your thoughts?
I think he does.
I believe so too
because of what it says here in the Bible.
Notice how God is described at Psalm 65:2:
“O Hearer of prayer,
to you people of all sorts will come.”
So how is God described in this verse?
As a “Hearer of prayer.”
Yes.
What a difference from many people
in positions of authority
who are inaccessible!
And based on what we read,
do you think God expects us
to pray to him in a specific language?
Hmm, I don’t think so.
That’s exactly right.
This verse says that God
hears the prayers of “people of all sorts,”
or people who speak different languages.
No matter what language we pray in,
we can express to him what’s in our heart,
and he understands us.
As our Father, he cares about each one of us.
This publication discusses
other important aspects of prayer.
If you’d like to read it,
I’d be happy to leave it with you.
Sure.
And the next time I’m here,
we can discuss
the kinds of things we can pray about.
When can I speak with you again?